Psalm 75 to the chief musician set to do
Psalm 75 to the chief musician set to do not destroy a psalm of Asaph a song we
not destroy a psalm of Asaph a song we
not destroy a psalm of Asaph a song we give thanks to you O God we give thanks
give thanks to you O God we give thanks
give thanks to you O God we give thanks for your wondrous works declare that
for your wondrous works declare that
for your wondrous works declare that your name is near when I choose the
your name is near when I choose the
your name is near when I choose the proper time I will judge uprightly the
proper time I will judge uprightly the
proper time I will judge uprightly the earth and all its inhabitants are
earth and all its inhabitants are
earth and all its inhabitants are dissolved I set up its pillars firmly I
dissolved I set up its pillars firmly I
dissolved I set up its pillars firmly I said to the boastful do not deal
said to the boastful do not deal
said to the boastful do not deal boastfully and to the wicked do not lift
boastfully and to the wicked do not lift
boastfully and to the wicked do not lift up the horn do not lift up your horn on
up the horn do not lift up your horn on
up the horn do not lift up your horn on high do not speak with a stiff neck
high do not speak with a stiff neck
high do not speak with a stiff neck or exaltation comes neither from the
or exaltation comes neither from the
or exaltation comes neither from the east nor from the west nor from the
east nor from the west nor from the
east nor from the west nor from the south but God is the judge he puts down
south but God is the judge he puts down
south but God is the judge he puts down one and exalts another for in the hand
one and exalts another for in the hand
one and exalts another for in the hand of the Lord there is a cup and the wine
of the Lord there is a cup and the wine
of the Lord there is a cup and the wine is red it is fully mixed and He pours it
is red it is fully mixed and He pours it
is red it is fully mixed and He pours it out surely it's dregs shall all the
out surely it's dregs shall all the
out surely it's dregs shall all the wicked of the earth drain and drink down
wicked of the earth drain and drink down
wicked of the earth drain and drink down but I will declare forever I will sing
but I will declare forever I will sing
but I will declare forever I will sing praises to the God of Jacob all the
praises to the God of Jacob all the
praises to the God of Jacob all the horns of the wicked I will also cut off
horns of the wicked I will also cut off
horns of the wicked I will also cut off but the horns of the righteous shall be
but the horns of the righteous shall be
but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted